README.md, before:

# 🌟 Star This Repo - Anime Girl Magic!

Welcome to the **Anime Girl Image Updater!** This fun little project ensures that your GitHub profile stays fresh with a randomly selected anime-style image. Show your love for anime, open-source, and dynamic content by starring ⭐ this repo!

## ✨ Why You'll Love This
- 🎲 **Randomized Anime Magic** - Each update brings a new surprise anime image!
- 🖼 **Instant Profile Upgrade** - Your README will always look unique and fresh.
- 🔧 **Lightweight & Simple** - Uses Python and regex to update the `<img>` tag in your README.
- 🤖 **Automate with GitHub Actions** - Keep your profile dynamic without lifting a finger.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1️⃣ Clone the Repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/anime-girl-image-updater.git
cd anime-girl-image-updater
```

### 2️⃣ Prepare Your Setup
- Make sure Python is installed on your system.
- Store anime images in the `anime_women/` directory.
- Maintain an `image_files.json` file listing image filenames under the key `images`.

### 3️⃣ Run the Magic Script
```bash
python update_readme.py
```
Boom! Your README is now blessed with an anime waifu. 🎀

## 🤖 Automate the Fun with GitHub Actions
Want hands-free anime girl updates? Set up a **GitHub Action** to run this script on a schedule. Your profile will always be refreshed with new anime goodness!

## 🎮 Future Enhancements
- 🎁 **Gacha System** - Starring ⭐ the repo will reveal a random anime girl message!
- 🕹 **Interactive Web Interface** - Customize and select your favorite anime styles.
- ✨ **Advanced Styling Options** - More control over how your images are displayed.

## 💖 Join the Community!
Love this project? Show your support by:
- **⭐ Starring** the repo
- **🍴 Forking** to add your own anime magic
- **💬 Suggesting Features** & improvements

Let's make GitHub a more anime-friendly place! 🚀💖

---
Made with 💕 for anime lovers and open-source dreamers. 🎀



<img id="updatable" src="anime_women/DALL·E 2025-01-19 17.07.50 - A detailed anime-style illustration of a confident and elegant woman with a friendly yet assertive expression, wearing a fashionable outfit. She is ge.webp" height="400px" width = "400px">

Commit message:

:cheery: updated README.md :boom:

README.md, after:

# 🌟 Star This Repo - Anime Girl Magic!

Welcome to the **Anime Girl Image Updater!** This fun little project ensures that your GitHub profile stays fresh with a randomly selected anime-style image. Show your love for anime, open-source, and dynamic content by starring ⭐ this repo!

## ✨ Why You'll Love This
- 🎲 **Randomized Anime Magic** - Each update brings a new surprise anime image!
- 🖼 **Instant Profile Upgrade** - Your README will always look unique and fresh.
- 🔧 **Lightweight & Simple** - Uses Python and regex to update the `<img>` tag in your README.
- 🤖 **Automate with GitHub Actions** - Keep your profile dynamic without lifting a finger.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1️⃣ Clone the Repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/anime-girl-image-updater.git
cd anime-girl-image-updater
```

### 2️⃣ Prepare Your Setup
- Make sure Python is installed on your system.
- Store anime images in the `anime_women/` directory.
- Maintain an `image_files.json` file listing image filenames under the key `images`. 🌸 just run the `python file_update.py` and it'll do the job for u 😉.

### 3️⃣ Run the Magic Script
```bash
python script.py
```
Boom! Your README is now blessed with an anime waifu. 🎀

## 🤖 Automate the Fun with GitHub Actions
Want hands-free anime girl updates? Set up a **GitHub Action** to run this script on a schedule. Your profile will always be refreshed with new anime goodness!

## 🎮 Future Enhancements
- 🎁 **Gacha System** - Starring ⭐ the repo will reveal a random anime girl message!
- 🕹 **Interactive Web Interface** - Customize and select your favorite anime styles.
- ✨ **Advanced Styling Options** - More control over how your images are displayed.

## 💖 Join the Community!
Love this project? Show your support by:
- **⭐ Starring** the repo
- **🍴 Forking** to add your own anime magic
- **💬 Suggesting Features** & improvements

Let's make GitHub a more anime-friendly place! 🚀💖

---
Made with 💕 for anime lovers and open-source dreamers. 🎀



<img id="updatable" src="anime_women/DALL·E 2025-01-19 17.07.50 - A detailed anime-style illustration of a confident and elegant woman with a friendly yet assertive expression, wearing a fashionable outfit. She is ge.webp" height="400px" width = "400px">
